Huh?
This is a weird turn.
Hello. I'm Nishimura from Baiking, the
dream contractor.
Huh?
So today, we're heading to Takara-kun, who
lives deep in the mountains...
to deliver him a piping-hot pizza.
What a sudden genre shift.
Hang tight.
Huh?
Huh? Different show?
No way that's a real escape-room tactic.
Hahaha.
People would roast you online for that.
They'd roast you online.
A pickaxe? People would be like, what is
this? Amazing.
Since they said anything goes, it's like
they really lent him a pickaxe.
If you did that in an escape room, the
second player couldn't do anything. You'd owe damages.
The second player would just walk through.
Hahaha.
But that's fine. That's how it is. Use
whatever works. Yeah, exactly.
Yeah.
As long as you get out.
Oh, it opened.
That's incredible. Seriously.
We dug a lot.
Wanna try?
Let's try it.
Think you can fit?
Wait.
Takano should go first.
Please, let this work.
Go, go, you're going.
If this doesn't work, I'm screwed.
Hahaha.
Ah.
This is a real escape.
Amazing if we get out from here.
Don't break it. Don't force it.
Can you pull just this bit off?
Here.
Yeah.
Yeah, yeah.
Okay.
Whoa.
Oh, it went through.
Hahaha.
That's insane.
What?
I can get out.
I can get out?
Really?
Huh?
Takano?
I can get out, I can get out.
You can?
I can get out, I can, I can.
Good, go!
I'm going, I'm going.
Seriously?
I'm going.
Okay.
Go!
Whoa!
Ah!
Amazing!
Outside! Outside!
What?!
That can happen?
Huh? It's morning.
It's morning?
He did it, he did it!
You can do it, you can do it.
Takano, go!
Go! No way!
We're really outside.
Seriously?
What kind of place is this?
He's out! He's out!
Whoa, he's out!
He's out! It's a jailbreak.
He's out!
Hahahahaha.
You made it out!
Thank God.
So this is what a jailbreak feels like.
Congratulations.
We escaped.
I'm going too.
You can do it?
Seriously?
Yeah.
Amazing.
This place is gross.
You can do it?
Whoa, I'm actually getting nervous.
It feels so open out here.
Go, go, go.
Whoa.
I can get out, I can get out.
You really dug that out.
Seriously.
At this size.
It's not roomy at all,
but all I can see is the way out.
Look at all that dirt.
Hahaha.
Everything's catching. You never see this
much dirt on variety TV.
You can do it, you can do it.
You can make it?
Whoa.
Ah! Go, go, go.
Go, go, go. It's morning!
Hahaha.
It's like a movie.
We're out!
Yes!
Amazing!
Unreal. How many dirt-crawl scenes are we
gonna get?
Amazing.
Like Kuro-chan too.
What is this place?
It's morning.
Six in the morning.
Wow, this is nuts.
Where are we?
It's nothing like inside.
Looks nothing like the interior.
So that's what that white room was.
That was satisfying.
It's just a shack.
Hahaha.
Seriously, where are we?
We're in some creepy place.
No, seriously.
Takano?
We got out, but what is this place?
Let's go home.
I mean, yeah, but...
Nobody told you anything?
Which way do we go? What's out there?
This isn't a 'good job, everyone' moment.
What prefecture are we in?
Oh.
This.
This is bad.
It's morning, but seriously, where are we?
Creepy.
There really is nothing here.
Watch it.
It's cold, for starters.
Let's just go home.
It obviously looks freezing.
That hurts.
Ow.
Can we go now? I mean, we finally...
finally got out.
No.
Whoa.
There's nothing here.
This is deep in the sticks.
It's cold.
Freezing, middle of nowhere.
There's nobody here.
So what now?
Seriously, how do we get home?
What?
There's more ahead?
Wow, this is wild.
There's still more to it?
What?
Is anybody there?
What even is this?
Why is no one here?
I seriously want to go home. Aren't we
supposed to find somebody or something?
A house, a car, anything.
We may have to beg someone for a ride.
Oh, oh, oh.
Maybe someone's coming.
Ah.
Huh?
Oh, it doesn't hurt at all now.
Oh, good, good.
So what do we do?
Hey.
Oh, really?
A person.
Oh.
Okano?
Hey.
No way!
Huh?
Whoa, incredible.
Mr. Okano.
Hey!
It's Okano.
Nice! Wow, this is amazing.
Whoa. Whoa.
Nice.
Are you really that happy?
What were you doing? Same as us.
Where is this place?
I...
I have no idea.
Us too.
We don't know either. What is this?
You're covered in mud.
Same with you?
Scary, right?
This is bad.
Wait, why are you clean?
You're way too clean.
No, it was rough.
What?
It was seriously brutal.
The conditions were different.
I didn't end up like this at all.
You had it that easy?
You got completely trashed, right?
Same for you?
We were in a white room.
What?
No, ours was pitch black.
A pitch-black room.
Pitch black.
This is sick.
Still, I'm so happy right now.
Me too.
I'm not even wearing shoes.
We finally found you.
What do we do now?
We came from over there.
Look, I was trapped back there.
Huh?
Uh...
Oh, that weird place.
Seriously...
That was terrifying.
For real.
But there's nothing here either. It's some
village, but nobody's around. Like a deserted settlement.
There's nothing?
Nothing at all.
Nothing.
Nobody's here.
Probably.
Shoes, shoes.
Weird way to say shoes.
This is rough.
No way, these muddy ones?
So gross.
Seriously.
Can I just take one?
Lend me one.
I'm barefoot.
This is survival now.
Any drinks?
Nope.
I'm starving.
Same here.
Let's head this way for now.
I don't even know what to do from here.
No, but over there...
There are houses.
There are?
But nobody's in them.
What?
You'll see, it's creepy as hell.
What is this place?
So they told you nothing?
Nothing at all.
Is this Wednesday?
Yeah, probably.
This is definitely Wednesday.
I knew it.
Whoever came up with this is insane.
Yeah, seriously.
Even so, isn't this too much?
Exactly. Where's the 'just a bit' in this?
Right? Probably that much...
Even this...
Can you even laugh at this?
Can this even air?
No way this airs.
That room over there... huh?
Oh.
Whoa.
What?
Whoa, amazing.
You okay?
You okay walking?
Why are you like that?
Something weird is happening here.
They keep gathering.
What?
Why?
They handed me a camera and stuck me in a
candy house the whole time.
I had to eat all the candy and break a
hole in the wall to get out. Brutal.
Brutal.
Seriously.
Insane. I ate so much sugar my brain
nearly shorted out.
Ugh, that's disgusting.
Anyway...
Google?
No, seriously.
Let's just get out of this village
already. This is bad.
How do we get out?
I even smoked on an empty stomach.
Exactly. Enough chatter, let's just move.
How do we get out of here?
What is this?
What even is it for?
So he's joining us too?
That's scary.
They still don't know. They still don't
know there's one more person.
Ugh.
No.
This is bad.
Worst-case scenario.
Ugh.
Scary.
Then that's definitely it.
That's definitely it.
It's definitely that.
Why is everyone here?
Number one: be careful.
You're covered in pee.
Huh?
What?
What happened?
What happened to you?
That's definitely it.
My stomach's in trouble, seriously.
Why?
This is seriously bad.
This part's still okay.
You okay?
Ugh.
Barefoot.
What happened to you?
What?
I was buried in the dirt.
True enough.
Come over here.
Poor guy.
This is on a whole different level.
This is the worst.
Come over here.
Come here.
I think I'm losing hair.
It's warm.
Warm, huh?
You got pee on you, though.
We're all in this together.
Let's help each other out.
We're a team.
What is this?
Wait, somebody...
Someone's stepping on my foot, ow ow ow.
Poor guy.
They're stepping on it.
They're on my foot.
Help.
What?
We're friends.
Friends. Wait, you were buried in dirt the
whole time?
No, I dug myself out and came here.
How? How'd you get out?
How? I used whatever I could find.
We got out using Google.
Google?
That's the part that makes the least
sense. We used Google to dig through the dirt.
You have to explain this properly.
Used it, and...
Oh.
And then...
Then, you know, a dog dug for us and saved
us. I don't understand a single thing.
A dog?
There's a dog here?
The dog digs for you.
Calm down, calm down.
Explain it properly.
This makes no sense.
So if Kuro-chan's here,
right, right.
I see, it's starting to connect.
What's "right" supposed to mean?
The only show crazy enough to do this
is Wednesday Downtown.
Yeah, I thought it was Wednesday too.
Oh?
But then I heard it was some streaming
show. What?
Streaming?
What's that mean, a streaming show?
I have no idea.
So I was saying it had to be Wednesday,
and they were like, no, it's a streaming show.
So they actually called it a streaming
show? My memory's fuzzy, though.
Makes sense.
It was a while ago.
How long were you in there?
No clue. I was buried forever.
Six hours.
That's a long time.
Your legs must be killing you.
Ours is nothing, we've at least got socks.
And the road...?
What is this?
Here, take this.
Seriously.
Wow.
That helps a lot.
Ow.
That's nice.
So nice.
Ow.
Even though you're barely hanging on
yourself. Still makes a big difference.
Yeah.
Can I at least get your gratitude?
Just your gratitude.
Come on.
Thanks.
Kind of annoying, though.
What the hell?
No, no...
It's fine.
Now's not the time. Poor guy's suffering.
Let's go.
Kuro-chan, if you die...
Ow, ow, ow.
Ow.
This place is scary.
Scary.
There might be something in this house.
If there is, it'll be ridiculous.
I wish there was something useful.
Still hilarious, though.
If you find anything, give it to me.
Seriously. Just watching you walk is funny enough.
It hurts.
Has for a while.
There are loads, look.
Be grateful.
Whoa.
Shoes, footwear, anything to wear.
Thank you.
Futon.
See? This is it.
Look, look, look.
Look.
Yeah, even so...
There's enough for everybody.
There is, there is.
There's some here too.
Teacher, this is your moment, teacher.
Slippers.
Wow, I'm so happy.
They're warm.
Good for you.
At church.
Think it's warm in there?
No one's there?
It's locked.
And there's this too.
It won't open.
Wow, wow.
Anyone there?
Yeah, seriously. With no hints, you have
no idea what to do.
It's a ghost village.
Quiet down for a second.
What?
Be quiet.
What happened?
I am being quiet.
What?
Do you hear a motor?
A motor?
Isn't that a plane?
What's that?
A sound?
Yeah, I hear something.
Yeah, there really is a sound.
What?
Huh?
A paraglider.
What is that? What? What?
It's a paraglider.
A paraglider?
What's that?
Whoa, whoa, whoa.
That must be it.
That has to be it.
Hey!
Over here.
What is this?
Help!
Okay.
Okay, okay.
Over here.
It's here, it's here, it's here!
Help!
What?
Get down, get down, get down!
Get down.
Come down over here.
Please come down.
Come down.
What?
Over here.
What do you mean, get down?
Over here, get down.
Over here.
You're dropping, you're dropping.
You're going too far.
Too far.
Too far, hey...
Ahh.
Hey, hey, hey, hey.
This is the worst.
Terrible luck.
He's trying to come down.
That's it. Wait, where?
Where?
Hold on.
Somewhere...
Is he coming?
No good.
He's over there now.
No, that way, that way!
Wait, there's something over there.
There's definitely something over there.
There's something over there.
Whoa.
Who? Who? Who? Who? Who?
Careful.
Huh?
Whoa.
Oh, careful.
Where's he landing?
Oh, nice.
Oh.
Oh. Crap.
Who? Huh?
You okay?
You okay? Okay. Okay, okay.
Where did he land?
There's a ton of smoke.
You okay? Huh?
Huh?
Who?
Smoke. Who?
Wait. Who?
Nishimura.
It's Nishimura.
Huh?
Nishimura.
Nishimura?
Why is Nishimura here?
Why are you here?
No, that's our line.
None of us know anything.
Why are you here?
Weren't you here to rescue us? We've been
yelling for help this whole time.
Calling for help.
In this village.
No, I came to deliver pizza to a kid way
out in the mountains. What?
Huh?
That makes no sense.
What?
What do you mean?
Seriously, I have no idea.
What? Wait, what, are you in trouble?
I'm in trouble.
We were all locked in separate rooms, and
we finally escaped and met up, but we can't get out of this village.
Then... then... okay, I'll help. What do
you mean it's unrelated? Of course it's related.
I'm telling you, that's definitely it. I
came to deliver pizza to Yoshi-kun in the mountains.
Who the hell is that?
But you've got pizza, right?
Well, true.
Let us have some.
I want pizza so bad.
No, you can't.
Come on, we haven't eaten anything.
I wanna eat.
Nishimura-san seriously hasn't eaten.
Since when?
It's been forever.
A long time.
How many hours?
He hasn't eaten at all.
He hasn't eaten in hours.
Whoa...
There it is, there it is.
Wait, wait, wait.
What? What?
What about Yoshi-kun?
No, no, no.
Come on.
He's waiting, so I have to hurry.
At least let us see it.
Just look.
I haven't even seen it myself.
What do you mean, let us see it? What kind
of request is 'let me look at the pizza'?
Whoa...
It's really there, it's really there.
Man, I'm starving.
Man, that looks good.
I want some.
That does look amazing.
I'm closing it.
No, don't close it.
Wait, wait.
Let me see it one more time.
Come on, that's enough.
No, come on, one more look.
It's freezing.
It's nighttime.
Wait.
Be careful, there's a ranking.
Expiration date.
How many slices are there?
Eight? Uh, eight?
No, six? Six? Six?
Four, five, six, seven, eight.
Eh, whatever.
Huh?
I mean, I already crash-landed.
Yeah. I already crash-landed, so I can't
deliver it anymore, so whatever.
Wasn't the way you said 'crash-landed'
weird? Crash-landed.
Crash-landed.
You mean Crash Landing on You.
Crash Landing on You.
We don't need that.
Come on, no one's falling for that just
because you said 'crash-landed.' Nothing there.
Ranking.
I want some.
Wait a sec.
Fine, okay, I'll give you some.
I'll give you some.
I mean, either way...
From this village. Okay.
I'll give it to you. So what now?
There's seven of us, and it's cut into six
slices. Right.
I want some.
Nishimura-san already ate, anyway.
I hate pizza.
Is that even a thing?
I hate it.
This?
Completely.
You hate pizza?
Is that even possible?
I never feel like eating it.
People like that exist?
This is getting complicated.
I seriously want some.
Rock, paper, scissors.
Tie again.
Yes!
Ah, this one.
This one.
Really?
Here, take it. It's good.
So good. Who got it?
Whoa. Whoa.
I wanna eat.
Just let Kuro-chan eat already.
It's good.
I've been waiting for this.
So good.
Salt.
That's kind of amazing.
Is that part salty? That's the spot.
There is.
Yeah.
This is the best.
No way.
What's that?
Whoa.
Yeah, that happens.
That'd happen to me too.
It's good.
Sorry.
You're killing me.
I'm not giving you any.
I can't even see it anymore.
What is this?
Nishimura-san, what are you going to do
now? What do you mean, what am I going to do?
Nishimura-san, you're stuck too, right?
I can't get back.
Then I'm with you guys too.
Sorry.
There was smoke coming up.
I can't fly anymore.
I see. An emergency.
Emergency.
A foreigner?
There was a ton of smoke coming out.
There was smoke.
That was dangerous.
It was wild.
Out, out, out.
Is it over?
Finished.
What? No way.
So then Nishimura-san...
See? Now he can't get out either.
See?
Then let's go take a look.
Together.
I'm hungry.
Where's that singing coming from?
This town is wild.
Guess all we can do is walk.
There isn't a single normal person here.
They're all insane.
I'm a reporter, so...
A gate. If we get through here, maybe we
can get out.
Huh? What is this?
Here it comes, here it comes.
This is wild.
What even is this?
This looks like the village entrance,
right? Yeah.
This looks pretty secure, doesn't it?
It's kind of scary.
Yeah, really secure.
It is kind of scary.
This is really creepy.
Especially behind us.
So we have to pass properly through this
gate? Yeah.
Maybe this is where that gate opens.
But there's nothing here anymore.
Give me a break already.
There's blue, red, yellow... something.
Oh, you're right.
What is it?
What?
What is that?
What, what, what?
Yellow, red, and blue...
Oh.
Oh, a key.
A key.
There's a keyhole.
There's definitely something here.
So we need a key?
We don't have one.
So it won't open?
Yellow.
What's it say?
What does it say?
I can't read it.
Is it English?
Was there some kind of zip or latch?
It's not even English, is it?
No, it's not English.
I've never seen letters like that.
Seriously...
It looks like some kind of Middle Eastern
script. I can't read it.
Maybe the yellow, red, and blue mean
something. Wait, so one of them is the right one?
Open all three.
Maybe we need all three.
Did we ever see keys like that?
No, not once.
Not around here?
Nope, never saw any.
But wait. When we got out of where we were
trapped, over to the right, there was something weird there.
Like some weird device.
Yeah, there was.
What was it?
No idea.
Something like a ball...
I couldn't tell what it was.
So we just left it. But now that you
mention it, it had yellow, red, and blue on it.
Not exactly the colors, but...
It was obviously weird.
So if we check that, there might be a clue
there? Yeah, but it's far from here.
It's far?
Far... man.
So we'd have to go all the way back there?
That's really far.
This is rough, going all the way back.
We're supposed to search from here with no clues?
That's exhausting just thinking about it.
Yeah.
This is where we were locked up.
Right.
Yeah.
Over there.
That one.
We dug our way out from there.
Wouldn't you crack up if you saw this
hole? This, this.
See? There was something here.
Whoa...
There it is.
What is this?
That's horrifying.
There's definitely something here.
This is obviously weird, right?
I have no idea what it is.
This is clearly suspicious.
I'm impressed you remembered it.
What is this? Something you open?
A button?
What's this side?
Looks like a door.
Wait, this is...
It's a door.
Wait, what, what is this?
Huh?
What is this?
See? This is weird too.
The light.
What?
Isn't there another one too?
Huh?
You're right.
There's another one a bit away.
What is this?
Why is that one set apart?
Do we press them at the same time?
I see.
Then try pressing it.
Press it or something?
I don't know.
Ow. Ahh. Ahh.
Did it zap you? No way. Really?
Cut it out.
Ow.
Really?
You okay? Did it hurt?
Seriously?
Ow, that hurt.
Wait, what does that mean?
So there's electricity running through it?
Seriously?
So it's live?
What about now?
Wait, current's running through it?
Huh?
What does that mean?
What?
But it sparked over there a second ago,
right? Yeah, it did.
You think so?
It definitely sparked, right?
So what does that mean?
It's not happening now.
This side did it.
This side didn't, right?
Not even once.
Oh.
I got it.
You got it?
Hold hands.
Ohhh.
Ah.
Oh, here.
I see.
So Mitchan, put that down.
That's what this is.
As far as you can.
Man, this is scary.
Are we really okay doing this?
As far as you can.
Can we reach everyone?
What, what, what?
So we just stretch out like that?
Wanna try it?
Yeah, just stretch out.
This is freaking me out.
Man, this is scary.
Just stretch out, stretch out.
To the far edge.
Barely.
We can barely reach it.
At this distance, we might make it.
We can do it.
A little more, a little more.
Can you reach it?
This part is terrifying.
This is scary.
Please.
Ready, go.
Whoa!
Oh!
They're giving it everything.
Ow!
That's all?
Whoa.
It opened a little.
Whoa, no way.
Whoa...
It opened, but...
No, just a little.
So while the current is flowing...
That hurts like hell.
Ow!
Ahh.
No way.
Could you see what was written inside?
No.
It hurt too much to hold still and look.
Yeah.
The second it zapped me...
That's intense.
Of course you'd let go.
It zapped me, but I heard it open...
I only caught a glimpse out of the corner
of my eye when it opened. I couldn't really see inside.
Then what do we do? Didn't it look like
there was something in there?
Something in there?
No, it looked empty to me too.
It looked empty?
Yeah, same here.
Someone wanna try?
Yeah.
You just want another look.
Let's do it again.
Let's do it.
No, I really hate this.
This is crazy.
Here we go.
All together.
We have to look.
Don't let go, don't let go.
This is scary.
It lights up, it lights up.
We just have to endure it.
One last time.
Ready, go.
Ahh!
It opened!
I saw it, I saw it.
Whoa...
Ow!
I saw it.
You saw it, right?
I did.
You saw it.
What was it?
Red scissors.
There were red scissors inside.
There were, there were.
Red scissors.
So that's the key?
The red one.
Red scissors.
Maybe.
So there is a key in there.
How do we get it out?
This. But even if we can see it, how do we
grab it?
Yeah, exactly.
Are we still missing something?
You mean we're missing some piece?
Like some way to reach farther.
Oh.
Reach farther?
Norokawa's flexible.
No, I still can't reach.
No, I mean with your legs...
Use our legs to connect.
Like, use my leg...
Oh, right.
Well yeah, obviously.
That's it.
The current changes.
Hurry, what?
So when I hit it and it opens...
Even if someone went for it, they'd never
make it in time. No way.
So we need one person waiting here to grab
it? We need one more person.
Yeah, we need that. But we don't have
anyone, we're already maxed out.
So that means there's someone else?
There's still one more?
Someone like me, kind of...
There's still someone else?
Could another one come from above too?
Wait, another one came from above, so next from below?
For now, shouldn't we search the places we
haven't been yet? Yeah, for now...
Let's just go look around for something.
Yeah.
So maybe one more person joins us.
There's still one more person?
This is wild.
Let's find one more person.
Creepy, though.
You're cold too, right, Kuro-chan?
It's freezing. It's been freezing the
whole time. Man, this is rough.
There's no way to do that without one more
person. Obviously.
Exactly, exactly. If you think about it
that way, there has to be someone else.
I see.
A guerrilla surprise?
No, we broke this, didn't we?
There's something here.
There is.
Suspicious.
There's definitely something here.
This has to be it.
There it is.
Whoa...
What?
This is shady, real shady.
What is this?
Right, I forgot.
Yeah.
This box.
Wow, that looks really natural.
Huh?
Whoa, what was that?
I hear something.
There's a sound.
Someone's definitely in there.
Wait, wait, what if it's not a person?
What if it's an animal? True.
Excuse me! Excuse me!
True.
Shh.
Huh?
Excuse me!
Oh, it moved.
It moved, it moved.
Wait, who is it?
Who is it?
Seriously?
Can you open this for me?
I have no idea what's going on either.
We'll open it.
That's Japanese.
It won't open, it won't open.
This side, this side!
Careful.
Wait, wait, wait.
Wait, wait.
Just brute force it.
What are you doing?
Are you putting any strength into it?
What, what, what?
Wait, wait, wait.
Ow, ow.
What is it? What is it? Who are you?
No, wait, who are you?
Who?
Who is it?
Uh...
I'm Iguchi from Westland.
Wait, Iguchi?
It's Iguchi-san?
What, Iguchi?
So it's Iguchi.
You've been in there this whole time?
Can we get him out?
This is pointless.
Well, actually...
Then we should just send Iguchi in there.
Oh, right, right.
So I'm the one who has to go?
Why?
Who decided that?
Why me?
First things first, let's get him out.
I don't know.
We'll have to break the wood.
How do we open it?
How'd you even get in there?
I have no idea.
Did they lock you in? Yeah. I have no clue
what's going on either.
Two hundred.
What do we do? We probably need tools,
right? Yeah, we need tools.
Yeah, we need tools.
Like a pickaxe or something.
A pickaxe.
There's a pickaxe at our house.
We have one.
So there is one, right?
The pickaxe should open it, right?
Yeah, the pickaxe will do it.
It'll definitely work.
Let's go get the pickaxe.
Then the pickaxe.
Then let's go get the pickaxe.
We have one at the house, right?
Let's go get it.
Yeah, yeah. We opened ours with a pickaxe.
We did.
So we know the house, probably Takano's
place. Wanna go then?
Yeah.
All right, off you go.
Then Takano and one other.
Off you go.
Why am I going alone?
What a pain.
You can handle it.
This might be kind of a pain.
No, if I go alone and can't find my way
back, that's terrifying. I'd get lost alone.
Then someone go with him.
Okay then, Mitchopa-san, come with me.
Yeah, honestly, two people would be
better. True.
You've been chosen.
Go.
You're just going to get it.
Such a pain.
Yeah, go get it, go get it.
Which way? Which way? Which way?
That way.
Hurry back.
Yeah, hurry back.
We'll be waiting.
It's far too, which makes it worse.
Yeah, it's far. This is rough.
Still, if it's there...
Just wait a little longer, okay?
Hang tight.
We'll stay here.
All right, go get the pickaxe.
This really is a great setup.
This situation is insane. They could've
just passed it in through there.
Seriously, just try it once already.
What the hell?
This really is a crime scene.
Do I go in headfirst?
I don't really know this side.
So you've never gone in from here?
No. Which side did you come out from over
there?
When you came out, was it headfirst?
Uh, we came out like this at the end.
Then it's headfirst.
Yeah.
Man, that's scary. You'll get filthy.
So it's the same as with me then. You were
whining about getting dirty. Quit fighting.
Sorry.
What was that just now?
Ugh, I hate this.
If it comes down to it...
He's big, so won't this be pretty rough?
Man, this is The Shawshank Redemption.
Oh.
Push.
You were stuck in a place like this?
Yeah.
This is hell.
Okay, I'm pushing.
Wow.
Ahh.
Careful.
Slowly, slowly.
He's in, he's in.
He's in, he's in, he's in.
How is it?
Ow.
This is terrifying, right?
Can you get all the way through?
I can get through.
Okay, okay, okay.
Okay, okay.
Whoa, what is this place?
Yeah, that's the reaction.
It literally showed up in the quiz.
Hell, right?
Hell.
So, is there a pickaxe and a shovel?
Yeah, there is.
You found them?
Yeah, there was a pickaxe and a shovel.
Then let's take the pickaxe first.
Okay.
And the shovel too.
You have the shovel?
Yeah.
Can I go in feet first?
Will you pull me?
Uh...
Yeah.
Um... How do I explain this? I don't even
remember anymore.
What?
Do it like this.
I can't see.
Then like this.
No, that definitely won't work.
That's dangerous.
Oh, from there.
Yeah, go like that.
I'll pull you.
Feet first is dangerous, careful.
No way.
I'm scared, but here goes.
Whoa...
I'm pulling.
You got it, you got it.
I'm going in.
Pull me.
Ahh.
Whoa...
Whoa, so it actually works.
You okay?
What is this place?
What is this shape?
What the hell is this?
You...
This is insane.
This place is hell.
It's hell.
Yeah, it's hell.
It stinks.
It reeks.
Told you it stinks, right?
It reeks like crazy.
And you kept saying I was the smelly one.
You'd stink instantly in there.
Seriously.
You're allowed to do that?
So then...
Oh, there he is.
Whoa...
Yes!
See? They really had it.
That was fast.
Amazing.
Nice work.
Oh, he brought both.
Ah, I'm dirty.
I'll help.
Well, yeah.
Anyway, we got it.
Thank you.
Seriously, this helps a lot.
We can save him now, we can save him.
Yeah, we got this.
All right, let's do this.
What do we do? Where do I stick it?
Hold on.
Iguchi, you want out?
I do, I do, please.
And then what'll you do once you're out?
What'll you do?
Good point.
Right there.
No, I'll definitely say thank you.
No, no.
That's too soft.
Come on, we've been through hell here.
We're risking our lives doing this.
How much do you have in savings? If we
open it, will you tell us your bank balance?
200.
Just because I'm trapped in a box, they
think I'm an easy mark.
Yeah, exactly. Everyone here crawled out
of hell to get here.
Scary, scary.
Okay, we're opening it.
All right.
Then open it.
Iguchi, you're getting out.
Whoa...
Ahh.
1.5 million yen.
Seriously, what even is this?
What even is this, seriously?
150.
That's more than I expected.
1.5 million.
He's got 1.5 million.
1.5 million isn't much.
That's nothing.
You all have more than that.
Yeah right, who says that?
No way. I mean, if that's true, Takano's
got way more.
All I've got is debt.
Amazing.
We're talking about money in this
situation. What even is this conversation?
No, this is ours now.
Everybody paid for it.
I seriously have no idea.
We're having a rough time too.
Us too.
You want to escape from here, right?
You want out?
You good with electricity?
Oh.
Oh, then electricity.
Electricity.
Oh, can you handle shocks?
No way, I can't handle electricity.
Sure you can.
But we need your help.
Yeah.
It's the electricity thing.
I don't even know what that means.
No, it's fine, it's fine.
Okay, okay, okay.
Electricity, electricity.
Make a smart call here.
Why are you holding your hat? I got
dragged here like this, I don't know anything.
What is this?
Anyway, good work out there.
No, no, no.
For now...
You with us?
No, seriously, where even are we?
Really?
Yeah, that's all of us now.
We don't know either.
We can't get out.
Nobody knows.
Let's go.
Let's go, let's go, let's go.
Come on, come on, come on.
All right, all right.
Grab the box, grab the box.
Okay.
That should do for now.
At least for now.
Let's go, let's go.
All right.
I see.
Ah.
Wow. Just when you think you finally
escaped that hell, there's still more after it.
Right?
And after getting out of the box...
That one really was...
You still have to keep going.
I think that'd be mentally brutal.
Yeah, for sure.
You'd think it was all over.
Like, great, we're finally going home.
The staff come out and say, 'Great work.'
And then there's another round.
And after that...
It's not like you even get to shower.
You're still covered in mud.
Yeah.
Still freezing the whole time.
Ah, incredible.
Kuro-chan was hilarious.
Kuro-chan's entrance was the funniest part
of today. That really was a shock.
Right?
From behind that thing...
Like this.
So cold.
So from that freezing village... A guy in
nothing but his underwear comes out like this.
That line.
'Just let me look at the pizza.'
That one too, that one was great.
Seriously.
That's humanity at its absolute limit.
Yeah, it is.
'Just let me see it.'
You don't hear that line very often.
'Let me see the pizza.'
Amazing.
'Show me the pizza.'
I see.
Ah.
'Show me the pizza.' You'd never say 'show
me the pizza' twice in your life. Right?